Hi
Welcome to fullstack web development with Laravel and Vue.js course the best and complete online
resource for learning full stack web apps with Laravel, Vue.js, bootstrap, and other technologies.
My name is Eding Muhamad Saprudin and I'm Fullstack web developer with more a decade of programming experience.
Now without further ado I want to give you a quick overview of what project that we're going gonna build
in this course and what exactly you're gonna learn.
So this is the main project that we're gonna build throughout the course.
I call it Laravel Q/A
A single page application or SPA that inspired by stackoverflow. In the front page
We'll have a list of questions. If you scroll down
There are simple pagination that allows us to navigate to previous or next page. If we hit the older
button it'll bring us to the next page.
So as you can see the URL changes
while we hit the button without need to reload the page.
Once we reach in the first or last page the button is going to be inactive. To create a new question
we can hit this ask Question button.
It'll take us to ask question page. In this page we can enter the question title and question body then
hit the save button. The question will be saved into database and it brings us back to all questions page.
If we hit a single question it will take us to questions
details. This page contain question along with related answers. If we hit the load more answers button
more answers will be get loaded.
You can answer a certain question in this form.
You're write in markdown syntax and you'll also able to preview your question before actually hit
the submit button.
Now the current users logged in can also see all questions and answers that have been created by accessing
this link. In this page they can see all the questions and answers, only questions
Or answers. So that's the project that we're gonna build in this course.
Now let's see how this course structured.
We start with Section 2 where we're going to set up our project and start building our first CRUD for
managing questions of our Laravel
Q/A app.
You'll also learn some Laravel features such as database migration, Database Seeds, model factories, accessor
and muttators, form validation, authentication and authorization. in Section 3
We're gonna build our second CRUD for managing answers and learn some techniques such as a Eloquent
relationship, eloquent event, integrating fontawesome 5, utilizing laravel mix to write and compile sass
code and JavaScript code and much more. in Section 4
We're gonna build a vote control system including favouriting the question.
Accepting answer as best answer
Voting up or voting down the question and answer. In this section you will learn some techniques such
as implementing Many to Many relationship, many to many polymorphic relationship and much more. After
that in Section 5 you will learn how to refactor the code and implementing DRY principle.
So make your code much cleaner and easier the maintenance. In section 6
we are going to integrate Vue.js into our application and make it more interactive. In the section
You'll learn how to build a component that allows you to write markdown syntax and see how that look
before you actually save it into your database.
You'll also learn how to integrate prism.js to make your code pretty. In Section 8
you'll learn about restful API development.
You'll learn how to create API endpoints and test them in postman REST client.
And finally in the last section you'll learn how to build SPA or a single page application with Vue
and Vue Router and consume APIs that you have built in the previous section.
Now I also provide appendix sections as additional references to help you understand a certain topic
that's still related to this course.
So for example if you're Vue.js newcomer then you can go to Vue.js Fundamental first
after finishing Section 5 and before continuing to the Section 6. In this section you'll learn vue.js basic
such as writing hello word with vue.js, list rendering, conditional rendering, class binding, computed property and
much more. Then in upgrading level up section
You'll see how to upgrade Laravel app to make it up to date.
Then if you want to deploy your Laravel app then you can see how to do that in deploying Laravel app in
Heroku or deploying Laravel app in digital ocean section.
All right so there is a broad overview of the project that we're going to build and the course structure.
Now in all lessons
I always do my best to explain every bit of syntax step by step to make sure that you understand exactly
what you're building.
I also provide the repository with a different branches for entire course lessons so that you can see
the current lesson and compare with yours just in case you run into error and need fixing it.
And if you still get stuck then you can go to you to Udemy Q/A section and you can check out if other
students may have asked the same question with yours.
If not found then you can post your own question and I'll do my best to give you friendly support.
Alright let's get started